docs: added identity-center.md doc for AWS SSO (#15689)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/user-management/identity-center.md

    If you're using this IdP please consider [contributing](../../developer-guide/site.md) to this document.

A working Single Sign-On configuration using Identity Center (AWS SSO) has been achieved using the following method:

* [SAML (with Dex)](#saml-with-dex)

## SAML (with Dex)

1. Create a new SAML application in Identity Center and download the certificate.
    * ![Identity Center SAML App 1](../../assets/identity-center-1.png)
    * ![Identity Center SAML App 2](../../assets/identity-center-2.png)
1. Click `Assign Users` after creating the application in Identity Center and select the users or user groups you want to allow to use this application..
    * ![Identity Center SAML App 3](../../assets/identity-center-3.png)
1. Copy the Argo CD URL to the `argocd-cm` in the data.url

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD046 -->
```yaml
data:
  url: https://argocd.example.com
```
1. Configure Attribute mappings
    * ![Identity Center SAML App 4](../../assets/identity-center-4.png)
    * ![Identity Center SAML App 5](../../assets/identity-center-5.png)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD046 -->

1. Download the CA certificate to use in the `argocd-cm` configuration.

>     * If you are using this in the caData field, you will need to pass the entire certificate (including `-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----` and `-----END CERTIFICATE-----` stanzas) through base64 encoding, for example, `base64 my_cert.pem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If using the `caData` field, you'll need to base64-encode the entire certificate, including the `-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----` and `-----END CERTIFICATE-----` stanzas (e.g., `base64 my_cert.pem`).
```

>     * If you are using the ca field and storing the CA certificate separately as a secret, you will need to mount the secret to the `dex` container in the `argocd-dex-server` Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If using the `ca` field and storing the CA certificate separately as a secret, you will need to mount the secret onto the `dex` container in the `argocd-dex-server` Deployment.
```

    * ![Identity Center SAML App 6](../../assets/identity-center-6.png)
1. Edit the `argocd-cm` and configure the `data.dex.config` section:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD046 -->
```yaml
dex.config: |
  logger:
    level: debug
    format: json
  connectors:
  - type: saml
    id: aws
    name: "AWS IAM Identity Center"
    config:
      # You need value of Identity Center APP SAML (IAM Identity Center sign-in URL)
      ssoURL: https://portal.sso.yourregion.amazonaws.com/saml/assertion/id
      # You need `caData` _OR_ `ca`, but not both.
      caData: <CA cert (IAM Identity Center Certificate of Identity Center APP SAML) passed through base64 encoding>
      # Path to mount the secret to the dex container
      entityIssuer: https://external.path.to.argocd.io/api/dex/callback
      redirectURI: https://external.path.to.argocd.io/api/dex/callback
      usernameAttr: email
      emailAttr: email
      groupsAttr: groups
```
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD046 -->

### Connect Identity Center Groups to Argo CD Roles

> Argo CD is aware of user memberships of Identity Center groups that match the *Group Attribute Statements* regex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argo CD recognizes user memberships in Identity Center groups that match the **Group Attribute Statements** regex. 

```

> The example above uses the `argocd-*` regex, so Argo CD would be aware of a group named `argocd-admins`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In the example above, the regex `argocd-*` is used, making Argo CD aware of a group named `argocd-admins`.
```

# Identity Center (AWS SSO)

!!! note "Are you using this? Please contribute!"
    If you're using this IdP please consider [contributing](../../developer-guide/site.md) to this document.

A working Single Sign-On configuration using Identity Center (AWS SSO) has been achieved using the following method:

* [SAML (with Dex)](#saml-with-dex)

## SAML (with Dex)

1. Create a new SAML application in Identity Center and download the certificate.
    * ![Identity Center SAML App 1](../../assets/identity-center-1.png)
    * ![Identity Center SAML App 2](../../assets/identity-center-2.png)
1. Click `Assign Users` after creating the application in Identity Center, and select the users or user groups you wish to grant access to this application.
    * ![Identity Center SAML App 3](../../assets/identity-center-3.png)
1. Copy the Argo CD URL into the `data.url` field in the `argocd-cm` ConfigMap.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD046 -->
```yaml
data:
  url: https://argocd.example.com
```
1. Configure Attribute mappings.

>    > [!NOTE]
>    > Group attribute mapping is not officially supported in the AWS docs, however the workaround is currently working.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    !!! note
    Group attribute mapping is not officially supported in the AWS docs, however the workaround is currently working.
```

    * ![Identity Center SAML App 4](../../assets/identity-center-4.png)

>     * ![Identity Center SAML App 5](../../assets/identity-center-5.png)

Reviewer 2: @zeusal My apologies this is still not rendering the docs correctly.
![Screenshot 2023-10-26 at 10 23 55 AM](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/assets/76892343/668ca89c-2e93-438a-a5af-d6cef740ef25)

I tested this locally and it works as expected:
```yaml
1. Configure Attribute mappings.

!!! note
    Group attribute mapping is not officially supported in the AWS docs, however the workaround is currently working.

  * ![Identity Center SAML App 4](../../assets/identity-center-4.png)
  * ![Identity Center SAML App 5](../../assets/identity-center-5.png)
  ```

Author: @34fathombelow I've changed it again, I think it's fine.

# Identity Center (AWS SSO)

!!! note "Are you using this? Please contribute!"
    If you're using this IdP please consider [contributing](../../developer-guide/site.md) to this document.

A working Single Sign-On configuration using Identity Center (AWS SSO) has been achieved using the following method:

* [SAML (with Dex)](#saml-with-dex)

## SAML (with Dex)

1. Create a new SAML application in Identity Center and download the certificate.
    * ![Identity Center SAML App 1](../../assets/identity-center-1.png)
    * ![Identity Center SAML App 2](../../assets/identity-center-2.png)
2. Click `Assign Users` after creating the application in Identity Center, and select the users or user groups you wish to grant access to this application.
    * ![Identity Center SAML App 3](../../assets/identity-center-3.png)
3. Copy the Argo CD URL into the `data.url` field in the `argocd-cm` ConfigMap.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD046 -->
```yaml
data:
  url: https://argocd.example.com
```

4. Configure Attribute mappings.

    !!! note

>        Group attribute mapping is not officially supported in the AWS docs, however the workaround is currently working.

Reviewer 2: Sorry about how the docs are rendered.   Please see lines #2-5 and note the spacing and indentations.
```yaml
4. Configure Attribute mappings.

!!! note
    Group attribute mapping is not officially supported in the AWS docs, however the workaround is currently working.

  * ![Identity Center SAML App 4](../../assets/identity-center-4.png)
  * ![Identity Center SAML App 5](../../assets/identity-center-5.png)
 ```

Author: I am trying to make the change that you suggested but it doesn't look good. I am attaching an image to see the differences.

In red is the change you suggested and in yellow is the actual code. The rest of the document looks the same.
![IMG_20231026_211947](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/assets/33123154/a5b5a107-da13-44cb-9dff-8dee01a30ff2)

Reviewer 2: You can run locally `make build-docs` & `make serve-docs` then visit localhost:3000 to see the changes you have made.   It is also possible to see the changes you made to the docs after a commit by clicking the Details section of `docs/readthedocs.org:argo-cd` in the CI checks.
![Screenshot 2023-10-26 at 1 22 17 PM](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/assets/76892343/fac68f85-d7ca-41a3-be89-84866d7e92a1)

After making the changes to the `!!! note` section, it should be rendered similar to this:

![Screenshot 2023-10-26 at 1 29 24 PM](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/assets/76892343/9b75615c-6bf7-4db2-9815-e19fa17f7d98)

Thank you so much for your patience.  If its to frustrating I will go ahead an accept the PR as is, then submit a fix for it.  Let me know if you would like to continue to fix this.

Author: @34fathombelow  Thank you very much for your help and your patience.

I have already understood you, I think that the format of the note is ok, however, I can't get the order of the numerical list right.

Reviewer 2: No problem!  It looks like this code block is causing it:

```yaml
data:
  url: https://argocd.example.com
```
Most of our documentation uses headers vs numbered list.  Nothing wrong with the standard way you did it, but  I was able to come up with a workaround by indenting the code block by 4 tabs.   You have done enough work, we can fix this later.  If you want to make the changes feel free, if not I will merge as is later today.

![Screenshot 2023-10-27 at 4 31 03 AM](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/assets/76892343/85f20bdd-dc9f-4313-a5fa-d3aa7e493b86)

Author: I have applied your suggestion, although it still doesn't follow the order, maybe the best thing to do is to merge it like this and then solve the visualization.
